The latest production Intention Wheel now works perfectly for the actual spin, slowdown, winner stop and slow winner enlargement.

DO NOT CHANGE ANY OF THAT WORKING ANIMATION.

Only fix these TWO presentation issues:

1. PRE-SPIN WHEEL CARDS

The candidate profiles are loaded correctly — I can see their 4 thumbnails under “Tonight’s possible connections”.

However, the main Intention Wheel above shows no actual profile cards. It only shows the Lulou mystery card and blank/grey side cards.

Before Spin is pressed, show the REAL loaded candidate profile photos/cards inside the main wheel in their existing resting positions.

Keep them mysterious/premium:
- side cards can remain dimmed/blurred
- centre card can remain partially obscured
- don't show names/details
- Lulou branding can remain as an overlay

IMPORTANT:
Use the existing candidate/orbit cards.
Do NOT create another carousel.
Do NOT change candidate selection or wheel geometry.

2. RESTORE CINEMATIC TEXT BUILD

Before the winner starts enlarging, Lulou used to darken and build tension with text. That has disappeared.

Restore this sequence AFTER the wheel has completely stopped:

Winner stops
→ screen/background gradually darkens
→ winner stays visible
→ “Narrowing down…”
→ “There’s something here…”
→ “Tonight’s connection”
→ HOLD the final words long enough to read
→ THEN begin the EXISTING WORKING slow winner enlargement

The dark overlay must NOT cover the winner card or text.

Do not allow the photo enlargement to start until the final text has completed its hold.

CRITICAL:

The spin/stop/enlargement now works perfectly.

DO NOT TOUCH:
- orbit maths
- spin speed
- deceleration/approach
- end-of-spin behaviour
- ticking
- winner selection
- winner geometry animation
- card-to-hero handoff
- result/crash fixes
- Retry
- Halo
- APIs
- auth
- other pages

This is PRESENTATION ONLY.

Prefer changing only:
client/src/pages/intent.tsx

Before editing:
git fetch origin
confirm HEAD == origin/main
git status clean

After editing:
npm run build
inspect git diff
confirm the working motion code was untouched
commit
push
confirm HEAD == origin/main

Report the commit hash and exactly what changed.

Do not redesign or refactor anything else.