We have now tested the latest production Intention Wheel build on the real iPhone.

DO NOT make another speculative timing adjustment.

The latest production test proves the previous fix did NOT solve the architecture correctly.

CURRENT REAL-DEVICE FAILURES

After the wheel lands on the selected user, NONE of the reveal words appear anymore.
Previously we had:

“Narrowing down…”
“There’s something here…”
“Tonight’s connection”

Now none of them appear.

The selected user’s small wheel photo STILL does not gradually enlarge into the final selected-user photo.
It remains small and then suddenly the large/full-size photo appears.

This strongly suggests the original orbit card is STILL being replaced/covered/remounted instead of physically transforming into the result presentation.

The wheel ticking sound is NOT synchronized with the visual spinning.
Ticks must correspond to cards physically passing the wheel’s front/index position.

After the winner/result sequence, the app STILL throws:
“Something slipped away”

The new fallback correctly shows:

Retry Result
Back to Intention Wheel

BUT Retry Result did not recover.

More importantly, this fallback should NEVER appear during a successful normal spin.

THIS TIME: DIAGNOSE FROM THE PRODUCTION TELEMETRY BEFORE CHANGING BEHAVIOUR.


PHASE 1 — READ THE REAL PRODUCTION FAILURE

The telemetry transport was already added.

Retrieve the logs generated by the latest real-iPhone failed spin.

Find:

[INTENTION_WHEEL_BOUNDARY_ERROR]

[INTENTION_WHEEL_ORBIT_TRACE]

[INTENTION_WHEEL_SCALE]

[INTENTION_WHEEL_WINNER_NODE]

and any:

[INTENTION_WHEEL_BUG]

Do not guess the crash.

For the boundary failure report:

exact errorMessage
exact firstFrame
relevant stack
componentStack
phase when it crashed
pendingWinnerUserId
selectedProfile userId
persisted winner userId
Identify the EXACT JSX expression/function that throws.

Fix that exact cause.

Do not simply add another generic null guard.


PHASE 2 — FIND WHY THE WORDS DISAPPEARED

Trace the complete state sequence from:

approach_complete
→ WINNER_LOCKED
→ pullforward
→ momentum
→ text_1
→ text_2
→ text_3
→ photo_build
→ result_ready
→ reveal/result

For every phase, determine:

spinRoomPhase value
which JSX condition renders the reveal text
whether that JSX is mounted
whether another overlay covers it
z-index
opacity
display
visibility
The previous edit changed the timing/phase architecture and now ZERO reveal words appear.

Find the exact condition mismatch.

For example, if the text JSX is conditional on:

spinRoomPhase === “pullforward” ||
spinRoomPhase === “momentum”

but the new sequence leaves that phase before the text milestones occur, fix the phase ownership.

DO NOT simply move milliseconds around.

The text container must remain mounted from WINNER_LOCKED until PHOTO_BUILD finishes.

Required sequence:

WINNER LOCKS

then:

“Narrowing down…”

then:

“There’s something here…”

then:

“Tonight’s connection”

Each must be clearly readable.

“Tonight’s connection” must remain on screen long enough to register emotionally before enlargement takes over.

No result overlay may cover these words.


PHASE 3 — PROVE WHY THE PHOTO STILL JUMPS

Do not assume the scale interpolation is the problem.

The visual evidence strongly suggests TWO DIFFERENT photo elements are still involved:

SMALL ORBIT WINNER
→ disappears/is covered
→ LARGE RESULT PHOTO appears

That is NOT acceptable.

Create an ownership map of EVERY rendered image containing the winner’s photo from WINNER_LOCKED through final result.

For each one report:

component/JSX location
React key
userId
DOM element
phase where it mounts
phase where it unmounts
z-index
transform
dimensions
There must be ONE visible winner photo throughout the cinematic build.

CRITICAL REQUIREMENT:

THE SAME DOM ELEMENT THAT IS THE WINNING ORBIT CARD MUST VISIBLY GROW FROM ITS SMALL WHEEL SIZE INTO THE LARGE FINAL PRESENTATION.

Do not merely scale it from:

1.00 → 1.10

if 1.10 is still basically the wheel-card size.

That is not what “enlarge to full size” means.

Calculate the actual required transformation between:

winner card starting dimensions/position

and

desired final photo dimensions/position.

The winner must visibly transform from the small wheel card into the large selected-user presentation.

This can use:

continuous scale
continuous translate
FLIP-style geometry interpolation
but it MUST operate on the same visible DOM node.

No second full-size photo may suddenly appear and create the illusion of a jump.

Only AFTER the transformation has completely finished may ownership transfer to the final result component.

If ownership must transfer at that point, the final result photo must begin at pixel-identical geometry to the transformed winner so the handoff is visually invisible.


PHASE 4 — FIX THE CINEMATIC SEQUENCE

Do not rush this.

Desired experience:

Wheel naturally slows
→ lands smoothly
→ winner freezes perfectly
→ short breath
→ “Narrowing down…”
→ pause
→ “There’s something here…”
→ pause
→ “Tonight’s connection”
→ HOLD
→ winner begins visibly growing
→ winner slowly expands toward full presentation
→ growth finishes
→ short hold
→ result information/actions appear

IMPORTANT:

The photo enlargement should primarily happen AFTER the text reveal has built the tension.

Do NOT allow the large photo to interrupt “Tonight’s connection”.

The user must see that final line clearly before the dramatic enlargement.


PHASE 5 — FIX THE WHEEL TICK SOUND PROPERLY

The ticking sound is currently not synchronized with the visual wheel.

Do not trigger ticks using arbitrary timers.

The tick must be derived from ACTUAL VISUAL ORBIT PROGRESS.

Use the same authoritative orbit angle that positions the cards.

Determine the angular/card spacing:

cardSpacingAngle = 2π / candidateCount

Track the visual orbit angle from the same RAF that renders the cards.

Fire ONE tick whenever the wheel crosses the next card-spacing boundary/front-index crossing.

Conceptually:

previousTickIndex =
floor(previousVisualAngle / cardSpacingAngle)

currentTickIndex =
floor(currentVisualAngle / cardSpacingAngle)

If the index changes:

play one tick.

During fast spinning:
ticks naturally occur faster.

During deceleration:
ticks naturally spread farther apart.

During final approach:
ticks continue matching actual card crossings.

After WINNER_LOCKED:
NO further ticks.

Do not create a separate sound animation clock.

VISUAL ORBIT ANGLE IS THE SOURCE OF TRUTH FOR SOUND.

Also prevent duplicate ticks caused by dropped RAF frames or React re-renders.


PHASE 6 — REMOVE FINAL-APPROACH JITTER

The wheel is still visually jittery near the end.

Instrument and inspect the actual orbit trace from the production spin.

Determine whether the jitter comes from:

multiple transform writers
angle correction
winner index change
candidate reorder
phase transition
final snap
RAF ownership change
React rerender
stale closure
frame delta spike
Do not guess.

From the moment final approach begins:

ONE authoritative RAF owns orbit position.

Capture ONCE:

startAngle
targetAngle
winnerIndex
winnerUserId
startTime

Then interpolate continuously.

Do not recalculate targetAngle during approach.

Do not add another revolution.

Do not switch back to normal spin integration.

Do not snap to a different angle at completion.

The final interpolated frame must mathematically equal the locked frame.

At WINNER_LOCKED:

cancel/disable orbit movement permanently for that spin.


PHASE 7 — FIX THE ACTUAL RESULT CRASH

The “Something slipped away” screen appearing after every successful spin is a release-blocking bug.

Use the boundary telemetry from THIS production failure.

Find the exact throwing expression.

Also inspect the result handoff for:

malformed profile fields
object rendered as React child
undefined arrays
invalid image value
persisted result mismatch
stale selectedProfile
phase race
winner result becoming null
component remount
failed result fetch
HTML returned instead of JSON
cross-origin/API_BASE mistake
But DO NOT choose one of those because it sounds plausible.

The telemetry determines the fix.

After fixing it, the normal successful path must NEVER intentionally route through IntentResultBoundary fallback.

The boundary is emergency recovery only.


PHASE 8 — FIX RETRY RESULT

Although normal successful spins must never reach the fallback, Retry Result must still work for genuine failures.

Trace exactly what happens when Retry Result is pressed.

Confirm:

correct Railway API_BASE
request URL
HTTP status
response content-type
response body
persisted result exists
result is normalized
selectedProfile updates
boundary actually remounts
retry loading state clears on failure
button becomes usable again
Add telemetry:

[INTENTION_WHEEL_RETRY]

with:

retry_started
retry_response
retry_parse_success
retry_profile_normalised
retry_boundary_remount
retry_failed

Back to Intention Wheel must always remain functional independently of Retry.


PHASE 9 — DO NOT BREAK ANYTHING ELSE

STRICT SCOPE.

Preferred files:

client/src/pages/intent.tsx

existing Intention Wheel debug store/helper

server/routes.ts ONLY if existing telemetry needs additional fields

Do not modify unrelated systems.

DO NOT TOUCH:

authentication
logout
signup
Discover
Likes
Connections
chat
message limits
voice notes
audio calls
video calls
profile
settings
payments
Stripe
Supabase schema
RLS
DNA
location
navigation
email
Vercel configuration
Railway configuration
Do not perform broad refactors.

Do not rename shared APIs.

Do not modify database schema.

Before committing run:

git diff –stat

git diff

Review every changed line.

If an unrelated file changed accidentally, revert it before committing.


PHASE 10 — DO NOT CLAIM SUCCESS WITHOUT DEVICE TEST

Code compilation is NOT a PASS.

Desktop preview is NOT a PASS.

Required real-iPhone behaviour:

Wheel spins smoothly.
Tick sound exactly follows cards passing the visual index.
Tick frequency naturally slows with wheel.
No jitter near final stop.
No extra jump-spin.
Winner locks front-centre.
“Narrowing down…” appears.
“There’s something here…” appears.
“Tonight’s connection” appears.
Final line is held and NOT skipped.
Same winner photo then begins enlarging.
Enlargement is visibly slow and continuous.
Photo grows from wheel-card size toward full result size.
No sudden small→large photo replacement.
Result UI appears only after enlargement finishes.
No “Something slipped away”.
Match/Halo action works.
Retry Result works if a genuine forced error is tested.
Back to Intention Wheel works.
No unrelated Lulou functionality changes.
FINAL REPORT

Report:

exact production boundary exception from this failed spin
exact reason reveal words disappeared
exact winner-photo ownership/jump cause
exact end-jitter cause
exact tick desynchronisation cause
exact fix for each
files changed
git diff –stat
confirmation unrelated systems untouched
commit hash
origin/main hash
Vercel deployed hash if verifiable
Railway deployed hash if verifiable
real iPhone PASS/FAIL
Do not tell me it is fixed merely because the code compiles.

Do not make another blind timing tweak.

Use the telemetry and fix the actual causes.

