Fix these two live issues only.

Do not work on unrelated features.

The app still does not match the previous implementation reports.

Issue 1 — Star sign / DOB input still missing

Current problem:
Star sign still does not appear, and I still cannot see the Date of Birth input/update field where users are supposed to set DOB.

Previous report claimed:

DOB field was added to profile settings
DOB save updates age
Star sign calculates from DOB
But in the live app, there is still no visible DOB/star sign update input and star sign does not show.

Audit and fix the actual live component.

Check:

Profile page
Profile edit screen
Settings/Profile Settings screen
Onboarding
Discovery profile detail
Likes profile detail
Matches profile detail
Connections profile detail
Required:

Users must be able to update Date of Birth from their profile/settings.
Date of Birth input must be visible and easy to find.
Saving DOB must update age.
Star sign must be automatically calculated from DOB.
Star sign must display as a clear labelled field:
Star Sign: Leo
Do not use compressed display like “25 S”.
Do not rely on manual star sign input.
Report:

exact file/component that should contain DOB input
why it was not visible in the live app
exact file/component rendering star sign
test steps proving the field is visible
npm run check result
npm run build result
Issue 2 — Intention Wheel no-spin state still not updated

Current problem:
The Intention Wheel did not update with the agreed behaviour.

Expected:
After the user uses their available spin:

The Intention Wheel should remain visible.
The wheel should not disappear.
Profile cards around the wheel should remain visible.
Profiles should rotate/change/refresh so the experience still feels alive.
The spin button should be disabled/locked only.
User should see:
Buy more spins
or
Next free spin unlocks soon
Tapping locked spin should open the spin purchase modal.
The wheel should stay dimmed/blurred behind the modal.
Do not change:

spin randomness
pricing
reward logic
match logic
eligible user selection
Audit and fix:

current no-spin condition
current render branch when spins are 0
why the wheel disappears or does not behave as described
whether the wrong component was changed previously
Report:

exact file/component controlling no-spin state
old behaviour
new behaviour
how profiles remain visible while spin is locked
npm run check result
npm run build result
Important:
Do not claim complete unless both are visible in the actual running app.

