The Stripe purchase flow is broken after returning from Checkout.

Reproduce:

Purchase a Voice Note.
Complete payment in Stripe.
Return to Lulou.
The app signs the user out.
After signing back in it shows “Confirming purchase…”
Then shows a connection error.
The purchased Voice Note is not reliably granted.
This should never happen.

Audit and fix the complete purchase return flow.

Requirements:

Do NOT sign the user out after a successful Stripe Checkout.
Preserve the authenticated Supabase session across the Stripe redirect.
If the session expires, silently restore it instead of forcing login where possible.
After returning from Stripe:

verify the Checkout Session with the backend
process the purchase exactly once (idempotent)
grant the purchased entitlement
refresh the user’s benefits
remove the loading state
show a success confirmation
If verification temporarily fails because of a network issue:

retry automatically several times with exponential backoff
never lose the purchase
If Stripe confirms payment but granting fails:

allow the user to retry safely without duplicate purchases
Never create duplicate credits or duplicate purchases.
Ensure processed Stripe session IDs are stored and checked before granting.
Specifically audit:

Stripe success redirect URL
success page / callback page
session restoration
Supabase auth persistence
purchase confirmation endpoint
processed_stripe_sessions table
membership/user benefits refresh
voice note entitlement granting
Test with a real purchase:

Buy one Voice Note.
Complete payment.
Return to Lulou.
User remains signed in.
Purchase confirms successfully.
Voice Note credit is immediately available.
Refresh the app.
Credit is still there.
Repeat refresh to confirm idempotency.
Attempt to process the same Stripe session twice and verify no duplicate credit is granted.
Run:

npm run check
npm run build
Report:

Root cause
Files changed
Why the user was signed out
Why the connection error occurred
Proof the entitlement is granted correctly
Proof duplicate processing is impossible
