Before committing or pushing, audit the new backend-managed signup and verification flow for security and correctness.

Do not make further changes until you provide this report.

ROOT CAUSE CONFIRMATION

Confirm whether production Supabase Auth is currently using:

- Supabase’s built-in email provider
- Resend custom SMTP configured inside Supabase Auth
- a Supabase Send Email Hook
- or direct Resend API calls from the Express backend

Show the exact evidence from the code and configuration available to you.

Do not claim custom SMTP is configured unless you can verify it.

SECURITY AUDIT OF THE NEW FLOW

You proposed:

1. Express backend creates the Supabase Auth user using the Admin API
2. Supabase does not send the confirmation email
3. Express generates a verification link
4. Resend sends the verification email

Verify all of the following:

1. The Admin-created user begins with email_confirmed_at unset.
2. The user cannot sign in until the verification link is completed.
3. The verification link is generated using a supported Supabase Admin method.
4. The link contains a short-lived, single-use token.
5. The raw confirmation token is never stored in the database or logs.
6. The service-role key remains server-only.
7. No VITE environment variable contains the service-role key or Resend API key.
8. The redirect URL is restricted to an approved Lulou domain.
9. A user cannot supply an arbitrary redirect URL.
10. The verification endpoint cannot confirm a different account by changing the email or user ID.
11. Resending invalidates or safely coexists with earlier verification links.
12. Verification cannot create duplicate profile rows.
13. Repeated signup attempts for the same unverified email reuse the existing account safely.
14. Verified users are not silently recreated or reset.
15. Account-enumeration details are not exposed.
16. Rate limiting uses the real client IP rather than treating all Railway traffic as one IP.
17. Proxy headers are trusted only from the known deployment proxy.
18. The backend cannot be used as an unrestricted email relay.
19. The email address is validated and normalized before hashing or storing.
20. Under-18 restrictions remain enforced before full account access.

SHOW THE EXACT IMPLEMENTATION

Provide the exact file paths and relevant code for:

- signup endpoint
- verification-link generation
- Resend send call
- resend endpoint
- confirmation callback
- sign-in rejection for unverified users
- rate-limit key generation
- request deduplication
- profile creation
- approved redirect URL validation

SUPABASE-NATIVE OPTION

Compare the custom backend flow against the safer standard option:

Configure Resend as custom SMTP inside Supabase Auth and continue using:

supabase.auth.signUp(...)
supabase.auth.resend(...)

Supabase officially supports Resend SMTP. The usual credentials are:

Host: smtp.resend.com
Port: 465
Username: resend
Password: RESEND API key

Do not expose or print the actual password/API key.

Explain why the custom Admin API flow is necessary instead of simply configuring Resend SMTP in Supabase.

Unless there is a clear product requirement that Supabase SMTP cannot meet, prefer the Supabase-native custom SMTP flow because Supabase will continue managing:

- confirmation-token generation
- token expiry
- single-use verification
- email-confirmation state
- callback verification
- resend semantics
- auth rate limits

RATE LIMITS

Confirm the current intended application limits and where each is enforced:

- one in-flight request per form submission
- 60 seconds between verification emails to the same address
- maximum verification emails per address per day
- maximum signup attempts per IP per hour
- progressive bot protection
- no automatic resend on mount, refresh or timer completion

Do not use memory-only process maps as the sole rate limiter because Railway restarts and multiple instances would reset or bypass them.

Use a shared persistent store or database-backed limiter if production may run more than one server instance.

TEST RESULTS REQUIRED

Show results for:

1. One button tap produces one signup request
2. Double tap produces one signup request
3. Three separate emails can register without a project-wide Supabase email 429
4. Unverified user cannot sign in
5. Verification link confirms exactly one user
6. Reusing the link fails safely
7. Resend respects the cooldown
8. Refresh sends no email
9. Existing unverified account creates no duplicate auth user
10. Existing verified account creates no duplicate auth user
11. No duplicate profile rows
12. Invalid redirect URL is rejected
13. Service-role and Resend secrets are absent from the client bundle
14. npm run check passes
15. npm run build passes

FINAL RECOMMENDATION

At the end, state one of:

A. Use Supabase Auth with Resend custom SMTP
B. Use Supabase Send Email Hook with Resend
C. Keep the custom Express Admin API flow

Give the security and operational reason for the recommendation.

Do not commit or push until this audit is complete.