Fix AI Conversation Starters and Discovery radius filtering for existing accounts.

Do not work on unrelated features.

These issues are still not fixed in the live app:

AI Conversation Starters still do not appear.
Discovery radius filtering still shows Sydney profiles to Portsmouth users.
I should not have to keep creating brand-new accounts to test whether the fix works.
The fix must apply to existing accounts and existing profiles too.

──────────────────────────────

AI Conversation Starters — Existing Matches
Current issue:

AI Conversation Starters are enabled in Settings, but they do not appear in chat.

This affects:

new matches
existing matches
test accounts already created
Required:

If AI Conversation Starters is enabled and the match has no user-sent messages yet:

show starters automatically
show 3–5 suggestions
show regenerate
allow tap-to-send
show fallback suggestions if API fails
Important:

Do not rely only on brand-new account creation.

Existing matches with no user-sent messages should also show AI starters after deployment.

Audit:

Is the setting stored for existing users?
Are old users missing the setting value?
Is the default value false/null?
Should missing setting values default to enabled?
Is the setting saved in localStorage only instead of database?
Is the chat checking the wrong setting source?
Is the endpoint returning empty?
Is the UI hidden because system messages make the message count non-zero?
Required fix:

Make AI starters work for existing accounts.
Treat missing setting values safely.
Ignore system messages when deciding whether a chat is “empty”.
Do not require users to create a new account again.
Report:

Root cause
Existing account impact
Files changed
Proof existing match can show AI starters
npm run check result
npm run build result
──────────────────────────────

Radius Filtering — Existing Profiles
Current issue:

A user set to:

Location: Portsmouth
Radius: 25 miles

still sees Sydney profiles.

This affects existing users/profiles too.

Required:

Discovery must respect radius for existing accounts.

If a user’s location is Portsmouth and radius is 25 miles:

Sydney profiles must never appear.
Profiles without valid coordinates must not bypass the filter.
Profiles with missing/invalid location data should be excluded or prompted to update location.
No fallback global pool unless explicitly enabled.
Audit:

Are existing profiles missing latitude/longitude?
Are existing profiles never geocoded?
Does the discovery query include profiles with null coordinates?
Is the user’s own location geocoded?
Is radius saved correctly for existing users?
Is the app using miles vs kilometres incorrectly?
Are Portsmouth coordinates being saved?
Are Sydney profile coordinates being saved?
Is any fallback query adding profiles after radius filtering?
Required fix:

Backfill/geocode existing profiles that have location text but missing coordinates.
If geocoding fails, exclude from radius-based discovery.
Enforce radius in both Discovery and Intention Wheel/profile pools if applicable.
Do not require new account creation for the radius fix to work.
Report actual database examples:

User A:
location = Portsmouth
lat/lng = ?
radius = 25 miles

User B:
location = Sydney
lat/lng = ?

calculated distance = ?

why was User B returned?

──────────────────────────────

Backfill / Migration Requirement
If existing accounts are missing required data:

Implement or provide a safe backfill for:

missing AI starter setting values
missing latitude/longitude
invalid radius values
missing DOB/date_of_birth where relevant
Do not silently leave old users broken.

Report:

backfill required?
backfill implemented?
how many accounts affected?
whether manual Supabase SQL is needed
──────────────────────────────

Validation

Run:

npm run check
npm run build

Provide:

Root cause of AI starters failure
Root cause of radius failure
Existing account fix
Backfill strategy
Files changed
Database fields checked
Proof AI starters visible on existing match
Proof Portsmouth no longer sees Sydney
npm run check result
npm run build result
Do not mark complete unless both issues work on already-created accounts.

