Checkout is STILL broken across multiple paid features.

The screenshots confirm:

Intention Wheel purchase:
“Checkout failed — Checkout couldn’t start. Please try again.”
Elevate purchase:
“Payment couldn’t be started — Checkout couldn’t start. Please try again.”
This means the shared checkout/payment flow is likely failing, not just one individual purchase button.

DO NOT change the UI, pricing, purchase screens, product design, colours, wording, or layout.

Fix the actual production Stripe checkout flow.

TRACE THE FULL FLOW

For every paid purchase:

Purchase button
→ frontend purchase handler
→ API request
→ production backend
→ Stripe Checkout Session creation
→ checkout URL returned
→ browser redirected to Stripe

Inspect the actual failing request in production and identify exactly where it breaks.

CHECK FIRST

Browser/network request when Pay is pressed
exact request URL
HTTP status
response body
whether request reaches Railway
whether frontend is calling the correct production API base URL
Railway logs
When checkout is attempted, log:
checkout route reached
authenticated user ID
requested product/package
requested price/product mapping
Stripe session creation attempt
Stripe error code/type/message if it fails
Do NOT log secret keys or sensitive payment details.

Stripe environment variables
Verify the production Railway environment has the correct Stripe variables required by the current code.
Check for:

STRIPE_SECRET_KEY
Stripe webhook secret if required
Stripe price IDs/product IDs
success URL configuration
cancel URL configuration
any production API URL/env variables used by checkout
Make sure the frontend does NOT require STRIPE_SECRET_KEY.

PRODUCT / PRICE MAPPING
Test every current monetised item.

Especially verify:

Intention Wheel spin purchase
1 Elevate
3 Elevates — screenshot currently shows $26.99
other Elevate packages
extra messages
extra audio calls
extra video calls
bundles
subscriptions
any other paid extras currently visible
Check whether the frontend is sending a product identifier that the backend no longer recognises.

Example failure to specifically investigate:

Frontend sends:
“elevate_3”

but backend expects:
“elevate3”

or an old Stripe price ID no longer exists.

Do not guess. Trace the exact product identifier being sent and compare it to the backend mapping.

AUTHENTICATION
Verify checkout requests are carrying the current Supabase authentication session/token correctly.

If the route requires authentication:

confirm Authorization header exists
confirm token validates
confirm current user is resolved
confirm expired/missing sessions produce a proper 401 rather than a generic checkout failure
Installed iPhone PWA must work exactly the same as desktop.

CHECKOUT RESPONSE
The checkout endpoint must return a valid usable Stripe checkout URL.

Example intended response:

{
“url”: “https://checkout.stripe.com/…”
}

The frontend must validate that URL and immediately navigate to it.

Do not silently swallow errors.

If the backend returns:

400
401
404
500
HTML instead of JSON
missing url
invalid JSON
log and surface the real cause during debugging.

API ROUTING
We previously had deployment issues involving frontend/API routing.

Verify checkout is NOT accidentally being handled by:

the Vercel SPA fallback
index.html
an incorrect /api rewrite
the wrong production domain
the frontend server instead of Railway
The checkout POST must reach the real Express/Railway backend.

If the response Content-Type is text/html, find out why.

STRIPE SESSION CREATION
Verify the actual Stripe call succeeds.

Check:

Stripe secret key is valid
live/test mode matches the configured price IDs
price exists
price is active
currency is correct
quantity is valid
mode is correct: payment or subscription
success_url is valid
cancel_url is valid
metadata values are valid
Stripe customer creation/reuse is working
If Stripe rejects the request, capture the exact Stripe error and fix that root cause.

FRONTEND REDIRECT
Once session creation succeeds:

window.location.href = returnedCheckoutUrl

or the existing correct equivalent should execute immediately.

Make sure the installed iPhone PWA does not block the redirect because of:

popup logic
window.open
async gesture loss
invalid external URL handling
Prefer direct top-level navigation to the Stripe checkout URL.

TEST ON THE ACTUAL PRODUCTION APP
Do not consider this fixed from localhost only.

Test the deployed app.

Required production tests:

A. Intention Wheel
Tap buy
→ checkout session created
→ Stripe page opens

B. 3 Elevates — $26.99
Tap Pay $26.99
→ checkout session created
→ Stripe page opens

C. Test at least one other paid extra
→ Stripe page opens

D. Cancel checkout
→ returns correctly to Lulou

E. Successful test payment
→ correct purchase/credits are applied once only

F. Refresh/reopen after successful payment
→ credits remain correctly stored

IMPORTANT

The screenshots already prove the frontend is correctly reaching the purchase confirmation screen.

Do NOT waste time redesigning that screen.

The failure occurs AFTER the user presses the final purchase button.

Focus on:

frontend checkout request
→ API
→ Railway
→ Stripe session
→ redirect

Do not mask the bug with a nicer error message.

Find and repair the actual root cause.

WHEN FINISHED REPORT EXACTLY:

Exact root cause
Exact failing endpoint
HTTP error/status that was occurring
Stripe error if there was one
Environment variable or price mapping issue found
Files changed
Production deployment confirmed
Intention Wheel checkout test result
Elevate $26.99 checkout test result
Successful Stripe redirect confirmed on iPhone installed PWA
